.TH BBB-SHARED-NOTES 1 "February 22, 2021"
.\" man page by Jim Van Zandt <jrv@vanzandt.mv.com>         -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
bbb-shared-notes \- read and write Shared Notes in a Big Blue Button meeting
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbbb-shared-notes\fP [\fIoptions\fP] [\fIinfile\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbbb-shared-notes\fP reads and writes the Etherpad Shared Notes on
a Big Blue Button video conference meeting in either text or HTML format,
using both the Big Blue Button REST API and
the Etherpad REST API.
.P
Currently only meetings on the local server can be accessed.
.P
Either the read or write option must be specified.
.P
If the write option is specified, then an input filename can be specified;
otherwise standard input is written to the Shared Notes.  If the read
option is specified, output is always to standard output.
.P
Write data is examined for a \fB\<!DOCTYPE HTML\>\fR tag, and HTML mode is used
if it is detected; otherwise text mode is used.  Data is read in HTML mode
unless the \fB\-t\fR or \fB\-\-text\fR option is specified.
.P
If only a single meeting is running on the server, it is accessed by default.
If multiple meetings are running, the \fB-m\fP switch must be specified
to identify which meeting's Shared Notes are to be accessed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-read\fR, \fB\-\-get\fR
read from the Shared Notes
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-write\fR, \fB\-\-set\fR
write to the Shared Notes
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-text\fR
read from the Shared Notes in text mode (default is HTML)

ignored during writes
.TP
\fB\-m\fR \fImeeting\fP, \fB\-\-meeting\fR \fImeeting\fP
specify name of meeting to operate on

only needs to be specified if multiple meetings are running on the server
.SH FILES
.Vb 1
/usr/share/bbb-web/WEB-INF/classes/bigbluebutton.properties    Big Blue Button API key

/usr/share/etherpad-lite/APIKEY.txt                            Etherpad API key
.Ve

.SH BUGS
Direct bug reports to the Google group BigBlueButton-dev.
